[7]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Matin Mirramezani
content:assets/art/7.jpg

[25]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Sharon Balogun
content:assets/art/25.jpg

[5]
type:art
title:Painting
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/5.jpg

[10]
type:art
title:Painting
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/10.jpg

[13]
type:art
title:Painting
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/13.jpg

[31]
type:art
title:Drawing
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/31.jpg

[15]
type:art
title:Painting
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/15.jpg

[18]
type:art
title:Painting
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/18.jpg

[27]
type:art
title:Drawing
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/27.jpg

[35]
type:art
title:Drawing
author:Daniel Chen
content:assets/art/35.jpg

[29]
type:art
title:Shadowburst
author:Brandon Burgess 
content:assets/art/29.jpg

[32]
type:art
title:Cosmic Condensation
author:Brandon Burgess
content:assets/art/32.jpg

[36]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Jessi Rogers
content:assets/art/36.jpg

[20]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Matin Mirramezani
content:assets/art/20.jpg

[1]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Matin Mirramezani
content:assets/art/1.jpg

[22]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Sharon Balogun
content:assets/art/22.jpg

[24]
type:art
title:Photograph
author:Sharon Balogun
content:assets/art/24.jpg

[6]
type:poem
title:Reality
author:Anonymous
content:Reality
        Truthful lying
        Longing Waiting Disappointing
        We find repose in lies.
        Receiving Gratifying Deceiving
        Lying truth
        Dream

[21]
type:poem
title:I Can Sense Christmas
author:Anonymous
content:I can hear it drifting down
        Falling softly on the ground
        I can see the blanket of white
        Laid out while we slept last night
        I can feel the welcome wintry wind blowing
        The shouts of children, "Look, it's snowing!"
        I can smell the just-baked Christmas apple pie
        And smoke from the fireplace drifting to the sky
        I can taste the snowflakes on my tongue
        And Christmas carols from my lips sung
        I can sense Christmas months away
        But I keep it in my heart everyday

[8]
type:poem
title:Motivation to Learn a Skill
author:Christopher Lin
content:Today dawned purple,
        a miracle of light
        and cloud. Were I blessed with
        the hand of a great artist,

        I would pick up my brush
        and spread the sky on paper,
        so that you, sitting in
        the dying evening,

        could be here with me in
        the morning, your soft breath
        snagging on the chilled glass
        as you turn your eyes heavenward.

        Instead, I am damned to
        watch the sky bleed to grey
        as I trip out of bed
        still not ready to face yet another

        cold fall Monday.

[23]
type:poem
title:Beneath the Snow
author:Jasmine Willis
content:His heart lies
        Beneath the snow,

        Wet and cold
        From tears of woe.
        
        His wife dies
        And he screams no,

        But she is sucked
        Beneath the snow.

        He begged the earth
        To let her go,

        But there's no escape
        Beneath the snow.

        That same night
        Continues his plight.

        His son's fever was rising high;
        The hour of his knell would soon be nigh.

        A final breath
        Carried fateful death.

        Father dressed son in suit and bow
        And tucked him in beneath the snow.

        He would pay any cost
        To regain what he lost.

        He wanted revenge on the theif
        Who stole his joy and left him grief.

        But time passed on;
        His passion was gone.

        That, too, seeped down
        Beneath the snow.

        All he had seemed to flow
        Into that grave beneath the snow.

        Joys and sorrows,
        Yesterdays and tomorrows,

        His whole vitality
        And personality,

        Even sanity
        And humanity,

        Lept from his soul
        Down into the hole.

        It swallowed time and space
        And the entirety of his race.

        At last everything was gone;
        He knew he could not live on.

        He lay down, let go,
        And lost everything

        Beneath the snow.

[34]
type:prose
title:The Toy Maker
author:Jasmine Willis
content:Innocence. Perfection. Virtue. These things I have devoted my life to finding and sheltering from the corrupting rain of humanity. Those that speak of me—only the frightened, close-minded rumors that are circulated throughout a society that simply will not understand, for none (alive) know me—call me the Toy Maker. I am perfect, or so I believe. I have neither name nor personality; I exist solely for the sake of humanity, to save that which is pure before the abyssal, ever-hungry pit of the sinful human soul gobbles down a second helping of the forbidden fruit. Despite the swift contamination of many of my subjects before I can save them, I perform my job well, and my creations are startlingly… lifelike.
        My heroic rescue of the purity of mankind is an exact and delicate cycle, and having just completed my preservation of one of the more fortunate members of humankind, I return to the beginning of said cycle: locating a subject. Such is the reason why I walk the streets on this autumnal night graced by the algid presence of winter before its due time. 
        In the slosh of mud and trodden snow, I detect a small hint of a footprint, surely no larger than a child’s, or what would seem a child to me. A light snow begins to fall, and, before it smothers the tracks, I hurry in the path of the footsteps in search of the virtuous garden to which they undoubtedly lead. I am directed into a park, a quaint, little one on the poorer side of the city. What sight the footprints guide me to lay eyes upon—well, it is times like these that I think human goodness may yet be saved from that all-consuming flame. My target sits beneath the cover of an evergreen tree, and I approach so that I may more effectively scrutinize the material. But what is this! Two snakes in the garden tormenting—tempting—my precious subject! 
        Two children in their ignorance, which is perhaps the most dangerous sin of humans, militantly accost my subject, smearing dirt onto her face—her perfect, angelic face!—and ripping at her hair. I, being of a more delicate, gentle nature, cannot watch such acts of savagery—nay, humanity, for they are one and the same—and step in...
        

[4]
type:poem
title:Fortune Cookie
author:Christopher Lin
content:I found hope after a cheap meal,
        tossed onto our table
        like an afterthought.

        I did not tell you of the little miracle
        hidden away between the folds,
        just slipped the scrap of paper
        into my pocket,
        and savored the taste of 
        the sweet golden future.

[14]
type:prose
title:A Night on the Town
author:Nicholas Gehrdes
content:Even on the darkest of nights, life and light emanated from the City. The streets bustled with activity and people, surging like a tide. Above their heads stood great towers, tall and strong, monuments of days long gone. The City was home to many people in the Dead World, from Elves who served in the Great War to Lycanthropes just trying to scrape by. Beside them were both Silvs on their horses, watching the crowd diligently as cars whizzed by them.
        Looking down upon this surging tide was a dwarf in his office, his thick muscular arms, barely restrained in his button up shirt, folded across his broad chest. The office he was in was dimly lit at the moment, the only light coming from the streets below. He breathed silently, thinking. His attention was snapped when he heard the door behind him open. He turned his head to look.
        In the doorway was a tall, muscular woman with black hair and almond colored skin. She leaned against the doorway, her form lit up from the light below.
        "What are you doing here so late?" asked the Dwarf, his hard gaze returning to the crowd.
        "I'd ask the same of you," the woman replied, stepping into the room.
        "I've been busy."
        "Staring out of windows?"
        "It's hard work."
        "I can tell," the woman said.
        "Is there something you want?" the Dwarf asked, looking up at his assistant. She was surprisingly well dressed. Normally she wore a white button up shirt and a black trench coat, a long sword attached to her hip. Tonight, however, she wore an elegant, black backless dress. Her short, raven hair was swept back. Around her neck hung a pendant of Mjolnir, "It's not my money, is it?"
        She scoffed, "Do you really think so low of me? No, I wanted to see if you wanted to have a night out, you boring sod."
        The man was quiet for a moment, before letting off a shrug, "I don't see why not. What did you have in mind?"
        The lady pondered for a moment, folding her arms across her chest.  While she was thinking, the Dwarf grabbed his coat and brought it over his shoulders, shoving his arms through the sleeves.
        “We could always go to that one place that’s only a few blocks away,” She offered. “My friends tell me it’s really good.”
        “You have friends?”
        “More than you.”
        “I’d hardly call that a feat.” The Dwarf said smugly. “What’s the place called?”
        “Above the Cut.” She said, walking ahead of the Dwarf and outside the door. “Try to keep up with those stubby legs of yours.”
        “You stay all night thinking that one up?”
        “Half of it. The other half was trying to think of a reason why the chicken crossed the road.”
        The Dwarf snorted in amusement, pressing the down button on the elevator. The elevator chimed once it reached the floor, its doors sliding open quickly. They entered quietly, having run out of snarky things to say to each other (for now anyway). His assistant pressed the button to the lobby.
        “So what all do they serve at this place?” the bearded dwarf asked, twiddling with his beard. The woman in black shrugged. The Dwarf had just noticed that she had shining red lipstick and black mascara. For as long as he knew her, she never wore make up.
        “As far as I know they serve really good cuts of meat, hence the name.” she responded, looking down at her boss. “My friends say that the ettin is quite good, same with the mutton.”
        The Dwarf grunted in response. At times it was hard to tell whether he was approving of something or just showing that he understood the message. The elevator dinged again, the doors slinging open with a loud chunk sound.
        They exited the building, trying to hail a taxi. It felt like an eternity before a yellow car rolled up to them. They entered the car, the woman telling the driver, a man who’s features the Dwarf couldn’t make out through all the smoke and the relative darkness of the taxi, of their destination.
        “Where to?” he asked. His voice was gravelly, as if he had just eaten a bucket of nails.
        “Above the Cut, please.” the woman said.
        The Taxi driver nodded silently, his gaze returning to the street. He drove to the destination in relative silence. The Dwarf looked outside the window with his fist under his chin. He was deep in thought. The only thing that has been on his mind was the murder. He was more than happy to go out tonight and have some fun, to finally get his mind off of this case. He closed his eyes, just to sleep for a bit.
        They were seated quickly and promptly had their drinks served. They talked quietly, telling the other about what they found about the case. They both came to the conclusion of “we didn’t find much”. The Dwarf ordered some ettin, medium-rare of course, and the Woman ordered mutton. Both of them were seasoned well, with the troll meat having a nice light purple center. 
        The Dwarf pressed his palms together and the Woman bowed her head, giving thanks to their separate Gods before eating. They began eating after prayers. The meat tasted as good as it looked and the bread served with it was warm and crunchy. There was no greenery on the plate. Winter was harsh and there was not enough land within walls for green food. The bread is easy enough to trade and most meats could either be hunted or raised.
        “Thank you.” The Dwarf said.
        “For what?”
        “For taking me out. It helps take my mind off things.”
        “Don’t thank me yet.” Hildr said with a sly grin, her white teeth shining through her red lips. “I’m not doing this for free.”
        “Is that a fact?”
        “Oh yes. You’ll see how later.”

[2]
type:poem
title:My Mind
author:Anonymous
content:My mind is an egg,
        Plain at first sight, but within
        Are wonders of life.


[33]
type:prose
title:We Stand United, We Fall Together
author:Allison Sabourin 
content:The magic churned inside me, and I felt any control I had over it slipping away. My body burned with pain, and I struggled, trying to get away from it, but it was inside of me. There was nothing I could do.
    I screamed as darkness danced up my arms; it felt like it was burning me. The empire was torturing me for my disobedience, but I would never give in to them again. I would be betraying everyone. 
    I had to be strong for them so I could escape.
    If this magic didn’t kill me first, I would not allow myself to be near anyone I cared about. It was unpredictable and dangerous; I would not put them in danger anymore.
    The pressure was building again; my body couldn’t handle this magic. I screamed in pain, rage, and defiance as the wave of darkness escaped my body again. The force of it snapped some of my chains, releasing my hands. I slumped to the ground, not even trying to hold myself up anymore; the exhaustion was too much. I closed my eyes and fell asleep instantly.
    The days blurred as my body grew stronger from repeated release of the magic. The pressure on my body lessened every day I stayed in the cell. 
    I didn’t know how much time passed before I saw another human being. The surges of power had all but stopped, and I could feel that I was stronger. A soldier entered my cell one day and appraised me coolly. At first glance, he looked to be nothing special. He was scrawny, and I could tell he had been a coward at one time in his life. But upon closer inspection, his eyes were completely black and devoid of emotion. He could care less about anyone or anything. Fearfully, I wondered if he had been like me at one point. 
    “You’re joining the elite force tomorrow. The commanders believe that you are ready. I hope, for your sake, they are right. You leave tomorrow.”
    I watched the soldier leave with a sinking feeling in my chest. What were they going to try to force me to do now?
    I shook my head. I couldn’t think like that. I had to get out of the army, and this was my chance. I was determined to get out when they brought me to the elite force. Maybe these new found powers would be my escape.



[16]
type:poem
title:Tiny Poem
author:Laura Hughes
content:His churning and thinking 
        His eyes glazed over
        His mind like a lock
        He thought quietly 
        In the cold
        In the Darkness
        In the insanity
        Of his mind.
[17]
type:poem
title:Farewell Fall
author:Anonymous
content:The children and adults huddle in their coats
        And put away their fair-weather boats
        Families gather round the Thanksgiving table
        To laugh and tell many a handed-down fable
        The trees are bald, the leaves stop dropping
        Parents rush to start their Christmas shopping 
        Up goes the decorated Christmas tree
        And even the coldest spirit smiles with glee
        On the streets Christmas carols people sing 
        And hum happy holiday hymns with a jolly ring
        The time is here for Christmas cheer
        So farewell fall, until we meet next year!
[9]
type:poem
title:Daylight Savings
author:Christopher Lin
content:You never thought you'd
        mourn the loss of one hour,
        only a single turn
        of the minute hand.

        But how mistaken you were,
        When your brightest noon
        vansished behind the tops
        of the desolate pines.
[11]
type:poem
title:Good Is
author:Jasmine Willis 
content:Good is
        An angel strong enough to bear her burden. 
        Evis is
        An angel who could no longer take the weight.
        Man is
        Lost somewhere in between.
[30]
type:poem
title:Where Earth Meets Eternity 
author:Jasmine Willis
content:Save the trifles
        Of boyfriends and girlfriends
        For the awkward kids
        Who still spit into kisses.

        I prefer the substantial dreams waiting
        To be transformed into memories
        On the horizon where
        Earth meets eternity. 

        Save your stolen kisses,
        Sweaty palms,
        And abashed love,
        And the impatient adults.

        I will wait
        For my soul's complement
        On the horizon where
        Earth meets eternity.

        Because I don't want
        A boy or a girl.
        I want a spirit encased in skin
        That scremas for freedom.

        I want a soul
        That will travel with me.
[28]
type:poem 
title:Icarus 
author:Katie Cartee
content:The Call of the Void, they call it. 
        An urge to jump into empty space,
        To fall without fear or regret,
        To feel the wind upon your skin 
        and the freedom in your wings.

        Don't be mistaken,
        It's not a suicidal feeling. 
        It's more of an insatiable curiosity,
        A need to know.
        What would happen, 
        How would it feel,
        Could I do it?
        It's euphoria mixed with adrenaline
        And a just slight dash of recklessness. 

        Did he feel it, I wonder,
        As he left the labyrinth for the sky?
        Is that what pushed him higher,
        Even as his father yelled to stop?
        A call from the void,
        An overwhelming need,
        Like a moth to a flame,
        To touch the sun.
[12] 
type:poem
title:Waiting
author:Gabby Johnson
content:The letters, the wondering, the sudden lack of communication, the waiting; it was 
        Something you could not fathom.
        But you must and that was how it always was&mdash;
        The sentence that seemed so trivial before, so much like it could never happen 
        finally sunk in.
        <span style="font-style:italic">I have to go now</span> replayed itself in your head, or maybe he had said it again like it
        Was some way, his way, of saying the word good-bye.
        Tears never fell and you never spoke a word
        Just a nodded and walked him to the door.
        <span style="font-style:italic">I'll see you</span> he told you and walked outside
        You wanted to say <span style="font-style:italic">I'll miss you</span>, but kept it to yourself.
        As we walked away, you closed the door and sobbed. 
        He was alway there and until he's back
        You'll be waiting.

[19]
type:poem
title:Transition
author:Eli Stevens 
content:The Earth in its ellipse round the Sun
        A celestial trail all made by Him,
        The inception of this time now begun
        A night grows wide while days we hold grow slim.
        Now the sorcery Mother will enact
        This ritual through centuries ensues,
        A compulsion, unbreakably intact
        But its beauty to the aware, a muse.
        There it begins, the first frost falling soft
        When rivers run under frigid windows,
        Unseen breath is seen but then goes aloft
        The Earth is cleansed in white; the chill gale blows.
        This world transitions in a seamless way,
        What Autumn then, behold Winter today.
[26]
type:prose
title:Patient 93
author:J.T. Cook
content: "It does not appear the patient is in a comatose state as of now. For a while I was worried he would not make it after he came in." The gruff voice takes a breath as if he is waiting for something. The patient hears papers shuffling and a pencil scratching against a hard surface. "The results from his blood work&mdash;the serum creatine phosphokinase and serum cerculoplasmin levels&mdash;are extremely high." The voice, deep and harsh, pauses for a second before continuing, "With his recent behavior compounded with the results of these tests, I say there is a high probablitiy he has schizophrenia."
        "So what do you want to do with the patient, Doctor Iscariot?" The response comes in a whisper, soft and gentle compared to the gruff, cruel voice of the man. The patient tries to open his eyes, trying to glimpse at the woman, but they refuse to open. Hopefully, she looks as wonderful as her melodious voice. The Doctor Iscariot's silence fills the room. Papers rustle to the left of his head. Then, the doctor heaves a sigh, filling the deaf room with sound. Silence ensues again. More rustling papers. "Schizophrenia," he trails off again. "So with his recent offense, he will have to be transported to a different hospital. There, we can keep a closer eye on him before prescribing medication and treaments."
        "Yes, Doctor Iscariot. I will make the necessary arrangements for his transportation immediately."
        "Thank you, Eva." After the cut response, he hears a pair of feet shuffling out of the room. The door closes with a clink behind the person, leaving the other one in the room with him. He wonders who is waiting beside him. It is impossible by just the breathing. 
        When the person starts to hum, he affirms it is the nurse, Eva. Her pen scratches against paper in a hurried manner. A short pause in writing as the papers flip before writing starts again. After a long while, the pen stops its incessant scratching and she clips the papers to something. The sounds of her feet circle around him before stopping by his life side. 
        "Can you hear me?" Eva whispers into his ear. He tries to respond, but nothing is able to come out. He assumes the staff or doctors must have drugged him upon his arrival on the hospital. Trying to talk is most definitely out. Instead, he tries to move a finger to respond; however, his effort is futile. He wonders how he can get her to understand he could hear her, but his mind keeps drawing a blank. But that did not stop her from going on to whisper back at him in a hurried manner.
        "This place is going to be a nightmare for you. Don't ever lose youself because if and when you do, you will be a murderer." A pause before her voice, thick with sweetness, murmurs, "But you are already one. Aren't you?"
